# Proposal

For my final project, I plan on making an interactive 3D rendering of an audio tape player. I plan on having six different buttons on the bottom of the tape player that each corresponds to a specific audio that will play when clicked. Additionally, I plan on having an ambient static sound that often is heard when playing audio from an old cassette that will loop in the background unless another audio is being played. I also plan on having the wheels on the tape constantly spinning to create the idea that it is an actual cassette tape that is being constantly played. I chose to do this for my final project because I wanted to do something related to my favorite fiction podcast to listen to: The Magnus Archives. I settled on making a tape recorder due to their significance in the podcast as well as it being symbolic of how the podcast is an audio-only form of entertainment. To help further connect it to The Magnus Archives, I plan on taking audio snippets directly from the podcast for all of the audios that play when each button is clicked. I plan on trying to make my project feel slightly strange and creepy through selecting de-saturated colors and eventually having the tape player completely stop taking inputs from the user. I hope to reflect some of the atmosphere of the podcast through these elements. I will use VPython to render the cassette and tape player using many simple shapes textured and colored appropriately to create the image. I will also use a while True loop to create the animation and play the appropriate audio for the user input. I will use another Python library to play the appropriate audio file, which will be determined using if-else statements inside a function that runs whenever the user gives the appropriate input. I will challenge myself with this project by utilizing many shapes to render the tape player as well as learning how to use a new Python library to play audio through Python.
